1.Run the model_data function in the Turn1.py file to convert the acupuncture tactile data in the Date/CoT folder into acupuncture tactile feature data in Excel/Cot.Run the videotoexecl and model_data functions in the Turn2.py file to convert the visual data of acupuncture techniques in the Date/Video folder into the visual feature data of acupuncture techniques in Excel/Video.
2.Run the Fusion.py file to fuse the tactile and visual feature data of acupuncture techniques in Excel to obtain the training sample set for the classifier.
3.Run the Classifier. py file to build a four classifier for acupuncture techniques.
4.Experiment 1:Run Turn. py in Compare 1 sequentially, and use different feature extraction methods to convert the tactile and visual data of acupuncture techniques in Compare 1/Pic into tactile and visual feature files of acupuncture techniques in Compare 1/Excel 2. Run Fusion.py to create a dataset of mixed tactile and visual features for different acupuncture techniques. Run Classifier py， Obtain the effectiveness of different feature extraction methods.
5.Experiment 2:The process is the same as 1-3, but the combination of different feature fusion modules in Fusion.py is changed to obtain acupuncture tactile and visual training sets based on different feature fusion methods, and run the Classifier.py.Change the classifier module of Classifier. py to obtain the classification performance of different classifiers on the mixed tactile and visual feature dataset of acupuncture techniques.
6.Experiment 3:The process is the same as 1-3, but the neural network hierarchy and hyperparameters in Attention. py are changed to obtain training sets for acupuncture tactile and visual features based on different visual extraction modules, and then run Classifier py.
7.Experiment 4:Run Compare 2/01-06. py and use different hand action recognition models to classify the acupuncture technique data in Pic2 and the publicly available dataset in Pic3.
8.Experiment 5:Run Shap.py,Show the interpretability mechanism of this article.